Achieving the Glassmorphism Effect with CSS:
Set up a background with depth: Although you want to keep your white-bluish background, ensuring it has some subtle gradients or elements can enhance the glass effect. For instance, consider a subtle radial or linear gradient in the white-bluish tones.
Apply Translucency and Blur to the Cards/Rows:
Background Color: For your card/row elements, set a background-color using rgba() with a low alpha value (e.g., background-color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.15); for a transparent white). The low opacity is key to allowing the background to show through.
Backdrop Filter: Apply the backdrop-filter property with a blur() function to your card/row elements. This will blur the content behind the element, creating the frosted glass look (e.g., backdrop-filter: blur(10px);).
Add Subtle Borders and Shadows:
Border: Include a light, semi-transparent border to define the edges of your glass elements and add a sense of depth (e.g., border: 1px solid rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.2);).
Box Shadow: Apply a subtle box-shadow to lift the elements slightly off the background and enhance the illusion of depth (e.g., box-shadow: 0 4px 6px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);).
Ensure Readability: Given the transparency, ensure your text and content on the glass elements have sufficient contrast to remain easily readable. You may need to adjust the opacity of the glass background or use bolder/darker text colors if necessary.
Consider border-radius: Rounding the corners of your cards and rows can further enhance the organic, soft feel associated with glassmorphism (e.g., border-radius: 15px;).
Summary of Key CSS Properties:
background-color: rgba(R, G, B, A); (low alpha for transparency)
backdrop-filter: blur(Xpx); (for the frosted effect)
border: Ypx solid rgba(R, G, B, A); (subtle light border)
box-shadow: offset-x offset-y blur-radius spread-radius color; (subtle shadow)
border-radius: Zpx; (for rounded corners)
Important Note:
Performance: backdrop-filter can be performance-intensive, so use it judiciously and test on various devices to ensure a smooth user experience.
Accessibility: Always ensure text on glassmorphic elements is legible and meets accessibility standards.